Move note to warning alert box (#27293)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/connect_dbm_and_apm.md

\* [CommandType.StoredProcedure][25] not supported

\*\* Full mode SQL Server for Java/.NET:

> <div class="alert alert-warning">If your application uses <code>context_info</code> for instrumentation, the APM tracer will overwrite it.</div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">If your application uses <code>context_info</code> for instrumentation, the APM tracer overwrites it.</div>
```
